Previously on This Is Us...
ZOE:
You want to be a dad, and I want...
I want you to have that.
I...
I want you to have everything you want.
But I don't want that.
I'm sorry, Foster.
Tell him I said
I am very sorry, but I got to go.
TOBY:
I think I'm having a...
Think I'm having a harder time
with this whole stay-at-home dad thing.
Much harder than I'm letting on to Kate.
BETH: I know I'm not built
like the perfect ballerina.
Come talk to me after class.
CAROL:
I'm sorry. I-I really am. But I just
don't see dance as a path for you.
I'm gonna open my own dance studio.
WOMAN:
Thanks for letting me take a look around.
-Sure.
-I'll admit,
I was skeptical when I heard
a councilman's wife from New Jersey
wanted to rent my space
to open a dance studio.
(chuckles):
Listen, you and me both, okay?
Well, I've got to hand it to you.
The place looks great.
-When do you open?
-Next week.
We're gonna have a big grand opening.
You know, food, dancing.
You know what?
You should come by.
Maybe we'll check it out.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(exhales)
♪ ♪
Two.
Yes.
Five, six, seven, and eight.
Keep those lines straight,
your backs tall.
NEWSWOMAN:
...including universities are closed
through the middle of the month.
One of 13 countries
shutting down schools entirely.
♪ ♪
-(snapping)
-Assemblé, we go piqué, piqué,
piqué, front,
bourrée prep,
double turn and finish.
Very good, Erika.
I see your double turns.
Up, and a-down we piqué,
piqué, sauté, sauté.
Can you all see me clearly?
Oh, your box froze.
Okay.
One, two, three,
four, five.
Relevé.
And fourth and double turn
and land.
That was excellent.
Really good work.
So, as you know,
this-this is our last class.
I just can't
keep the studio going anymore.
But remember,
keep those lines straight
and your backs tall.
(chuckles): Yeah. Bye.
♪ ♪
(footsteps approaching)
Can you cuff me?
Can never get the right one.
Mmm. Breaking out the cuff links
for this one.
-Yeah.
-My husband, meeting with a senator.
He's a state senator,
but don't tell him I said that.
You sure you're ready for... this?
It's only been
a week since you closed the studio.
There's no harm in taking some time off
before rejoining corporate America.
Randall, I'm not reenlisting
in the Army, okay?
It's just an informational
with a small urban planning firm.
You know, just dipping my toe back in
since I been gone for so long.
(sighs) Because there's still
the possibility of securing
-an arts grant.
-Baby, I appreciate you.
Appreciate whatever this is
you're trying to do here,
however clumsily,
but I promise you, I am fine.
A lot of people's businesses
closed this year.
Mine is just one of them.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, then.
Good luck with your purely
informational Zoom meeting.
I don't need luck 'cause
it's purely informational.
TESS: Mom, the Internet's out.
-I'll take care of it.
-Mm-mmm.
No, I got it. You go take care
of the city, Councilman.
Will you do me a favor, Dej?
I haven't seen her eat
dry Lucky Charms like that
since finals week in grad school.
-Will you keep an eye on her?
-Uh,
Randall, I've got some stuff on my plate
with this whole Malik situation.
With Jennifer and the baby?
What's going on?
Give me the deets. You need me
-to talk to him?
-Oh, my God, no.
Okay? Please don't try to fix it.
I'm good,
-I promise. Okay?
-Okay.
And fine. I'll...
-I'll keep an eye on Beth.
-Word.
Later.
(cereal bag crinkling)
(chuckles)
That one clover was hiding, but I got it.
Cool.
(groans) I'm second-guessing
inviting your mom
wedding dress shopping today.
Yeah, how exactly did that happen again?
Uh, we were on a group FaceTime
with the babies,
and Kate started talking about it,
and your mom just had this...
look on her face.
-I mean, what was I supposed to do?
-Oh, come on.
You know my mom. She loves you.
Uh, no. No, no, no. I know Kate's mom.
I-I'm great with Kate's mom.
-But Kevin's mom?
No idea how that's gonna go.
-Ah.
-I-I'm gonna say
something weird. I just will.
-Okay.
Uh, my old improv coach,
he used to have us play this game called
-"Good, Bad, Worse."
-Huh.
Helped loosen us up.
Do you know how to play?
-Mm-mm.
-Okay.
So, basically, it's like this.
Um, I'm dreading seeing my director
for the screening of my movie
this afternoon, okay?
So, what do I say when I see him?
All right, good.
(exhales)
"Nice to see you, Foster.
"Thank you for being so understanding
"when I stormed off your movie set
and left you and De Niro
completely stranded."
Bad. Um...
"Hey, Three-Names.
Let's screen this sucker."
Right? And then worse.
Uh...
"What's up, you pretentious jagweed?!
Let's screen your stupid movie."
-Right? Okay, so now-now you go.
-Okay.
-You see my mom for the first...
-(clears throat)
-Oh, we're performing. Okay.
-Yeah.
-(grunts)
-What do you... What do you say?
-Good, bad, worse. Go.
-Okay. Uh... Good.
"Rebecca! Hi.
You look radiant."
-(whispers): Good.
-Bad. Um...
"Hey, girl.
I have hella mommy issues,
so thanks for being a Band-Aid."
-Wow.
-Okay, worse.
-Uh... This is hard.
-No, no, no.
Don't hold back.
Let her rip.
-You sure?
-Fire away.
Okay.
Um, worse.
"Sup, Rebecca?
How's the Alzheimer's?"
-Wow.
-Oh, my God. Oh, my God. No, no.
-I know. I'm so sorry.
-Wow. No. No.
-It's fine. No, no, no.
-I'm so sorry.
-Listen, definitely don't say that.
-I know.
-You're gonna be fine.
-Okay.
-(phone vibrating)
And that's my dad.
Again.
The man sees me engaged
on a magazine cover,
and suddenly, he's calling me
for the first time
-in a year and a half.
-Mm.
Yeah, he wants to know
how early should he come in
for the wedding,
which movies of yours should he
be watching ahead of time.
I mean, the man is out of his mind.
Well, come on.
I mean, you're not even
just a little bit happy that he's coming?
Please.
You'll see.
-(door opens)
-Okay.
Hey, Uncle Nicky.
You, uh...
ready to go?
I don't look ready?
Well...
Hey, Tobe?
The shower thing happened again.
I regret to inform you
that it is no longer
just a shower thing.
(Kate sighs)
-Okay, well, time to call
the plumber, I guess.
-Uh,
excuse me.
I can migrate a Windows server
to Ubuntu in a weekend.
I think I can fix a leaky pipe.
Okay, I-I don't know what you just said,
but I do know that you're not a plumber.
Just call someone.
Look, I'm telling you I can do this.
Okay?
And plumbers are expensive.
We're not exactly swimming in it
at the moment.
-Dad joke intended.
-Okay, well,
it's gonna be more expensive
if there's water damage or mold
-or...
-Kate, I'll fix it.
Promise.
Okay.
Um, don't forget
I'm going dress shopping
with Madison and my mom,
-and then I...
-And then you're teaching choir later.
-Have fun.
-Yeah.
Oh, I taught the class
a new song this week.
It's a total throwback,
but I think they like it.
They're crushing it.
MAN: And today, we're learning
how to fix a leaky pipe.
Be sure to like and subscribe.
Okay, Randall.
Well, good luck tonight.
Beth is gonna love it.
Wish I could see her face.
Will you tell her I say hi?
All right, love you.
Okay. Bye.
(gasps)
Don't "Oh, Bug" me.
(whispers):
Oh, Bug.
-I look like strawberry jam.
-(chuckles): No!
You're just not used to a color
that isn't black.
Or off-black.
Strawberry jam.
You look amazing.
I know you're worried about the interview,
but I think it's gonna be great.
And a job will do you good.
It'll get you out of the house
and put some money in your pocket.
It's a... step forward.
Yeah, it's time to move on, right?
Olivia is the nicest person in my office.
She'll make a great boss.
We could take our lunches together...
Oh, God.
Just go break a leg, Bug.
I love you.
Proud of you.
(gasps)
Oh, I'm late. Okay, I got to go.
-Good luck.
-Bye.
(sighs)
(laughing)
What? What's wrong with it?
(chuckles)
There's nothing wrong with it.
Thank you, Rebecca.
-Mm-hmm.
-Huh? Hmm?
-It's a little feathery.
-(chuckles)
It's a little feathery.
Ah. Okay. Yeah.
No, I look like Björk.
Okay.
Next dress.
(chuckles)
(chuckling)
-This place is so cute.
-Yeah.
Thank you for inviting me.
Isn't it great?
I brought Kate here to shop
for her wedding gown.
Oh.
-I loved that dress.
-Yeah.
I wish I could have been here
with the two of you, but...
You're here now.
(gasps)
Oh, how's work?
Are you settling in?
Mom, it has been incredible.
It's so rewarding working with these kids.
And then I get so excited just imagining
that that's gonna be Jack one day, and...
-Mm.
-Oh, there was this girl who...
she was having trouble
with a song and I...
I'm word vomiting.
-No.
-Yeah, I am. I'm sorry.
I just realized I haven't been
able to share this with anyone.
You know? With Toby being out of work,
he's hurting. And...
gushing about my job, it just...
I don't know,
just doesn't feel right.
Yeah.
Well, this is new for both of you.
And it's hard.
(inhales)
But I see the way that Toby
lights up when you're happy.
And I know that look.
'Cause I remember feeling such...
relief
seeing your joy when you were younger.
Okay.
What do we think about...
this one?
Huh?
Oh.
Um...
(clanging)
So, is the plan
just to destroy the house
so the leak feels
like less of a problem?
Uh, the plan,
my frequently grumpy,
sometimes funny neighbor,
is to get this all taken care of
by the time Kate gets home.
Which is not looking likely, so...
I'd offer to help,
but I've still only got limited control
of my left hand,
so I'm about as useful as this guy.
Yeah.
Thanks for...
keeping an eye on him
while I work on this.
-Hey, buddy. (chuckles)
-It's no problem.
But I don't know anything about plumbing.
Is there anybody else you can call?
I mean, I could call
my father-in-law, Miguel.
He made his bones in construction.
But, in my experience,
that would send up the...
Pearson Bat-Signal,
and I don't really have
the bandwidth today
to sit around talking about my feelings,
then crying about my feelings,
then talking about crying
about my feelings.
(sighs): Okay.
Desperate times call for...
(inhales)
...desperation.
(grunts)
Okay.
(line ringing)
ALAN:
Toby. What's up?
Hey, Dad.
(exhales)
Um, I've got a bit of a plumbing issue,
and I was hoping you could
impart some fatherly wisdom.
I have a massive leak, and, uh...
Did you call a plumber?
No, I don't want to call a plumber.
I want to fix this leak.
(sighs)
Plumbers cost money.
Money we don't have
since I... lost my job.
Why did you lose your job?
Did you go off your meds?
No.
N...
(sighs)
Never mind.
Thank you for reminding me
why I never list you
as my emergency contact.
I'll be there in an hour.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, he sounds lovely.
(instrumental music swelling)
(song ends)
Whew.
Uh, Foster, uh...
No, no, no.
Kevin, me first.
(exhales)
I want to say...
thank you.
Against all odds,
you have given me
the performance of a lifetime.
(inhales)
I just...
I don't know what to say.
Um...
Thank you for...
fitting in the reshoots
around my schedule.
Uh, this... the film is...
The best thing that I've ever created.
And that's thanks to you.
You know, it just might be.
It's...
Foster, it's a work of art.
It's a piece of crap.
JAMES:
Oh, we know.
I mean, is-is he crazy?
Maybe I'm too close to it.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Uh, no, it's actually
one of the worst things we've ever seen.
We all agree.
And we never agree on anything.
It's unwatchable.
I'm gonna get some serious stink on me
-for this one.
-Like you got sprayed by a skunk, yes.
We need to book your next project
before word really gets out there.
What is your week like?
-Can you come in, sit down,
we'll make a plan?
-No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
I'm calling an emergency meeting today.
I-I've... (scoffs)
I got a family to support.
We are at DEFCON...
whatever the bad one is.
-Look at this.
-Huh?
Did you know they make Godfather onesies?
I got one for Nick
and Godfather II for Fran.
We got to go.
Uh, no.
Uh, the studio tour
starts in, like, ten minutes.
We don't have time for that.
We got to go.
-Well, where are we going?
-To save my career.
I don't know what that means.
-Mm, this is killing me.
-(chuckles)
Where are we going?
Come on.
It's an anniversary surprise.
Six months is not an anniversary.
I got leftovers in my fridge
older than our relationship.
You should probably throw those out.
(both chuckle)
Mm.
Is it a masquerade
-like Leo and Claire Danes
-(chuckles)
-in Romeo + Juliet?
-Weird adaptation.
They have helicopters
but they still call their guns swords?
That's not a no...
(brakes squeak)
♪ ♪
We're going to the ballet.
(chuckles)
I'm so excited.
I even learned some French.
-Jeté. Pas de bourrée. Crème brûlée.
-Uh, no.
-(laughs)
-No, Randall. Randall, take me home.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
Excuse me, can you take us home, please?
Carnegie Mellon.
(exhales)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
Annie, can you just go ahead
and disable that mirror screen for me?
Hate looking at myself with these things.
Here you go.
When they join, just click here.
Yep. I got it.
Thanks.
-Hey, Mom?
-Mm-hmm.
Keep those lines straight
and your back tall.
(chimes)
Hey! Markie!
Thanks so much for meeting with me.
Of course.
Thank you, Beth.
I have to say,
your résumé is very impressive.
The work you did in Newark was top-notch.
Well, thank you.
And I know it's been a while, but I...
Everything okay?
Uh, well, it seems my assistant
has double-booked me.
Beth, I'm so sorry, but is there
any way we can reschedule?
I can do tomorrow...
(laughing)
Um...
Everything okay?
I didn't mean to offend.
No. No.
It's okay.
Uh, I-I will cancel.
I mean, you don't have to reschedule.
Um, no offense, Markie.
Truly.
But thank you for your time.
(clicks mouse)
(laughing)
Uh...
Everything okay?
I dusted off the old corporate
attire for this one, Dej.
Mm. Literally dusted it off.
I-I steamed this.
All to get canceled on for a meeting
that I didn't want in the first place.
(giggles)
Ah.
(chuckles)
Mm, I'm good.
I am so good.
(chuckles)
Ah...
(mutters)
Oh, the lace I really like.
Yeah, it's really pretty.
I'm just not so sure
about the bottom half.
-But the top is really beauti...
-(gasps)
-Wow!
-What's wrong?
-Madison, what's wrong, sweetheart?
-You okay? What?
-(cries)
Well, my dad learned how to text.
Unfortunately, he will not
be coming to the wedding after all.
-Work emergency.
-Oh.
I don't know why I even care.
I was dreading him coming.
You know?
I mean, he would have never even known
if it wasn't for that damn magazine.
But I think I let myself get...
a little excited
that the... jackass was coming.
(whispers): Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I am so screwed up.
-No, you're not.
(clicks tongue)
Oh, sweetheart.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to cry
in front of you, Rebecca.
(scoffs)
Oh, crap.
I think I snotted on Meghan.
I already named the dress Meghan Markle,
'cause I felt like a princess.
(cries)
Let's be honest,
I'm a Pippa at best.
REBECCA:
Hey, sweetheart. Stop it.
-Stop it.
-(sniffles)
Do you know how incredibly
special my son is to me?
Do you think I would let him
marry you if you weren't
also incredibly special?
-You're kind, Rebecca.
-No.
Not when it comes to my son.
You are kind.
And you're beautiful
and funny
and remarkably graceful,
even in ridiculous feather dresses.
(laughs)
And we're all crazy about you.
(Madison sniffles)
-And your dad sounds like
a bit of a jackass.
-(all laugh)
JAMES:
All right, uh, this is
Paging Mr. Dad.
You play a single father...
No, I can't do it.
No babies.
No shirtless bottle feeding.
I can't do that anymore.
Okay, now this one...
-No. Yeah, no. (clears throat)
-Oh, my God,
does the town already know
that the movie sucks?
Uh, well, not the whole town.
But also it's...
Your reputation.
You did walk off the set
of your last film.
To be there for the birth of my twins.
And you also walked off a Broadway play.
My brother was having
a nervous breakdown at the time,
and-and it was an off-Broadway play.
And there was a very public
walk-off of a hit sitcom.
(sighs)
Wait.
What do I got to do?
I have to go back to television?
Is that what you're saying?
Why don't they make shows
like Bonanza anymore?
Excuse me?
Bonanza.
You know, Lorne Greene?
That was a man's man.
KEVIN:
Listen, I'm sorry
that we didn't get to go
on that studio tour.
I know you were looking forward to it.
Oh, that's all right.
I got my work cut out for me.
-You gonna read all this crap?
-Yeah.
One of them is based on a Clancy novel.
Yeah, well, I think they
already made that one twice.
-Well, I'll see it again.
-WOMAN: Tim's finishing up
another call, and should be ready soon.
-Sorry, Ms. Baker.
-I can wait.
Uh...
Uncle Nicky, hold-hold on one second.
I'll-I'll... I'll meet you
in the lobby, okay?
Okay.
Kevin?
Zoe!
What the hell are you doing here?
Uh, well, I just had a meeting
with my agents.
Mine just got delayed.
Par for the course
for being a documentarian.
-Mm.
-So, how are you?
Engaged, I hear.
Engaged.
(music playing quietly)
♪ And I've been spending all this time ♪
♪ Waiting for the finish line... ♪
Okay, she's just fixing her makeup.
REBECCA:
Mm.
You know, you're a really good mom.
Oh.
Well, I've had a lot of practice.
Yeah, but, um...
I was not an easy daughter.
And I know I pushed you away a lot.
Thanks for loving me anyway.
I remember taking the three of you home
like it was yesterday.
And then I blinked and you were toddlers,
running me and your dad ragged.
And then...
I blinked again and you were teenagers
who wanted nothing to do with us.
And then I blinked again and, mm...
When I look at you, I see all of you.
I see every Kate you've ever been,
(chuckles): every Kate you...
you might still be.
Yeah, you might not have been
an easy daughter all the time,
but you've always,
always been easy to love.
Oh, okay.
Oosh, um...
now who's crying?
Okay.
(chuckles)
(sniffles)
You know what, Mom, there's, um...
there's a place I want
to take you to after this.
-Okay.
So, this is definitely the dress, right?
-Definitely.
-Oh. I love it.
Yeah.
(chuckles)
My, um...
mom walked out on us when I was eight,
and she left me with him,
which was like leaving me with, well...
no one.
Thank you for making me finally
feel like part of a family.
Oh, my God.
It has pockets.
-REBECCA: Look at that.
-Ha!
-(door closes)
-(keys jingle)
Dej, where's Beth?
She stopped texting me back.
She specifically told me not to tell you.
(groans): Oh, boy.
-Dej, I need y...
-Do you know Malik showed me
a video of Janelle...
(exhales)
calling Jennifer "Mama"?
She's driving from Boston
every weekend, five hours each way.
It's not sustainable.
And Malik knows it's stressing me out.
He knows it.
But he also knows
not to push me to talk about it
till I'm ready.
That's a wise man.
Wiser than me.
Where's my wife?
-You promise not to try and fix things?
-Nope, can't promise that.
Now roll your eyes
and tell me where she is.
(exhales)
She's at the studio cleaning up
to turn over the keys.
Thank you.
Beth doesn't need a hero, Randall.
Just be there for her.
You know?
It's kind of your best quality.
(keys jingle)
I can't even pick your best quality, Dej.
There's too many.
Go.
Going.
Hey, Dad.
You didn't have to come.
We could've just done this over FaceTime.
I hate that crap.
I'm vaccinated.
You're vaccinated.
-I'm here to help.
-(sighs): Okay.
Well...
-it's in the kitchen.
-Kitchen.
TOBY:
This is...
the issue.
I see that.
ZOE:
Madison, huh?
So, how'd it happen?
-What'd you do, knock her up?
-(laughs) Uh...
yeah, actually, I did.
We, um, we had twins,
and now we're getting married.
Oh, wow.
Oh...
you seem really happy.
Thank you.
Yeah, no, I am.
I'm-I'm thrilled, you know?
She's, uh...
she balances me out, you know?
And she's an excellent mother.
She's wonderful.
Well, that's what I like about you.
You completely commit.
As an actor, as a person.
No matter what happens,
you always find a way
of making it what you wanted all along.
What's that supposed to mean?
Sorry, that... that came out weird.
It's a compliment.
-Oh.
-You have this really positive way
of seeing the world.
Like when we dated.
I mean, you could be
craving pizza all day,
but if I said I wanted sushi,
boom-- suddenly you were craving sushi.
It's a really lovely quality.
Okay.
Yeah, no, I will, uh...
I'll take your word for it.
Um, well, what about you?
How are you doing?
You-you, uh, you seeing anyone?
I am.
And he's great.
You know?
I really like him.
And luckily...
♪ ♪
(Alan exhales, groans)
Come on.
(laughs): All right.
Oh, thank God.
I needed this win.
Hey, you okay?
I was at that company for ten years, Pop,
and they cut me, just like that.
Being a stay-at-home dad
was never part of the plan,
a-and I want Kate to be happy,
but this is just...
(takes deep breath)
You know, I-I'm fine.
We're good.
Uh, I lost my job when you were eight.
Messed me up good.
Spent half a year pretending
it hadn't happened.
Hid in the basement reading classifieds
until I landed a new job.
(sighs)
It's nice your in-laws talk about stuff
that's bothering them.
I wish I'd done more of that.
You, uh, keep your eye on this.
People only look for leaks
where the water's coming out,
but, uh...
it's the pressure that'll get you.
(door opens)
KATE:
Hey. I'm home.
And...
For you.
Ta-da.
Kate, I just got off the phone
with Olivia,
and she said you never made it
to the interview. What happened?
Nothing.
I just...
I couldn't really see myself being happy
in an office, you know?
Kate... you need a job.
I got one... at the diner.
-The diner?
-Mm-hmm.
I... I didn't even know
that was something you were interested in.
Yeah, I mean, I wasn't,
but it's a job, right?
Try the fries.
They're da bomb.
(Kate chuckles softly)
Jesus, I'm sorry to disappoint you.
No.
No, you didn't disappoint me.
Mom, I can see the look on your face.
Can I give you some advice?
Get your wins from Randall.
He'll make you proud.
Hell, maybe Kevin will become a big star.
So you can be proud of him, too.
I'm proud of all of you.
(chuckles softly)
Well, you shouldn't be.
Every time you get
your hopes up for me, I...
I just disappoint you,
so you probably should stop
putting yourself through that.
Want to try the fries?
KATE:
Mom,
this is my advanced choir.
Class, this is my mom, Rebecca.
-ALL: Hi!
-Hi.
Very nice to meet all of you.
Okay, so let's do the one
that we've been practicing.
Everybody stand.
Here we go.
(piano plays Joni Mitchell's
"Big Yellow Taxi")
This is for you.
♪ They paved paradise,
put up a parking lot ♪
♪ With a pink hotel, a boutique
and a swingin' hot spot ♪
♪ Don't it always seem to go ♪
♪ That you don't know what
you've got till it's gone? ♪
♪ They paved paradise,
put up a parking lot ♪
♪ Shoo, bop-bop-bop-bop ♪
♪ They took all the trees,
put 'em in a tree museum ♪
♪ And they charged the people ♪
♪ A dollar and a half just to see 'em... ♪
JACK:
What's on your mind, Katie girl?
You've barely touched any of these fries.
-I'm just nervous about college.
-Oh, come on.
You're a shoo-in for Berklee.
Voice of an angel.
Not in my lower register.
In every register.
You don't even know what that means.
Yeah, maybe.
But I do know that I've never met anyone
who lights up the way you do
when you talk about music.
They're gonna see you for who you are.
-You think so?
-I know so.
As much as I know
the Packers are gonna win
the Super Bowl this weekend.
Oh, great.
You're trusting my fate to Brett Favre?
-Nice.
-They're gonna win.
♪ ♪
(singing inaudible)
Kate, this job... this job suits you
like nothing I have ever seen before.
-It is perfect.
-(laughs)
Well, thank you.
-You always believed in me.
-Mm.
Even when I gave up on myself.
You know, I spent nine years
working at that crappy diner
after Dad died.
You always believed
that I would find myself again.
How?
Because real joy is... never gone forever.
I knew you just needed some time
to find it again.
(sighs)
I mean, I'm sorry that it took 40 years
for me to find it.
And I'm sorry that it...
took me 40 years to give that to you.
Well, thank you for sharing it with me.
My Bug.
(laughs softly)
(whispering): Hey.
Hi.
Oh, we just got home.
-Hell of a day.
-Oh, no.
They just went down,
and they were real fussy.
Oh, no.
So, um, after all that stuff with my dad,
he called and said
he's not coming to the wedding.
-Work emergency.
-(sighs)
Typical.
I'm sorry. You okay?
How you feeling?
Hmm, okay, I think.
You know, honestly,
I couldn't have gotten through it
without your mom.
Oh, how was the, uh, screening?
Oh, yeah. No, it was...
it was a complete disaster.
I'm officially in the worst film
in the history of cinema.
-Eek.
-Yeah.
All my movie prospects suck
and, uh, I'll probably end up doing
informercials for the rest of my life,
-so I have that to look forward to.
-Yikes.
(sighs): Yeah, I'll figure it out.
You know, honestly, all I want
to do right now is just veg out
and watch the next episode of Bridgerton.
-I hear it's super steamy.
-Oh.
I was kind of hoping
we could watch
The Great British Baking Show.
It's bread week.
Don't you want to see Paul Hollywood get
weirdly erotic as he digs
his fingers into some focaccia?
-Bread week.
-(laughs)
That sounds perfect.
Okay, see you out there.
PAUL HOLLYWOOD:
My only issue with both loaves
is your temperature choice.
You should have baked it higher,
and it would have been spot-on
for both of them. Thank you.
WOMAN:
Thank you so much. Thank you.
PAUL:
I think they look good,
but I hope that's baked
all the way through,
'cause I get a bit worried
when they're that pale.
WOMAN: Just needed
a little bit longer in the oven.
-(cooing)
-Such a pity because the flavor's lovely.
That's a bit soggy, too.
Does have that spicy
bara brith flavor to it.
PAUL: When you try and push
a load of fruit into a loaf,
if you shape it too tight,
all the fruit goes to the outside.
If you look inside,
there's nothing in there.
Let's try the za'atar one first.
WOMAN: What temperature
did you put them in the oven? 160...
Hey.
They're both down for the night.
-Thanks.
-How was your class?
It was good.
Yeah.
No big deal.
Hey, the shower--
so nice with hot water again.
Yeah, well, the leak
was super easy to fix, so...
I should have never doubted you.
Mm.
♪ ♪
It's still early.
We can still catch a movie if you want.
I'm sorry about tonight.
I used to love going to the ballet.
I'd picture myself up there,
just counting down the days
till it was me.
(sighs)
You want to know why
there are so many mirrors
in dance studios?
So you can see yourself dance?
Sure.
But it's more than that.
It's to correct mistakes.
Mistakes measured in fractions of degrees.
Flaws no one else would even notice.
But the mirror is impartial.
Ruthless.
I used it to zero in
on those flaws my entire life.
Then I was told
I still wasn't good enough.
So where does that leave me?
I'm a dancer who doesn't dance.
♪ ♪
(door opens)
No.
Baby, please.
I don't want to talk about grants or loans
or how we can save this place
that can't be saved.
(sniffs)
("All My Life" by K-Ci & JoJo plays)
♪ Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby... ♪
May I have this dance?
(Beth laughs softly)
Oh, my God, you're too much.
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ ♪
What are you doing?
♪ I'm so glad ♪
♪ I will never find another lover ♪
♪ Sweeter than you, sweeter than you ♪
♪ And I will never find another lover ♪
♪ More precious than you,
more precious than you ♪
♪ Girl, you are ♪
♪ Close to me, you're like my mother ♪
♪ Close to me, you're like my father ♪
♪ Close to me, you're like my sister ♪
♪ Close to me, you're like my brother ♪
♪ And you are the only one,
my everything... ♪
You're still too much.
♪ All my life ♪
♪ I prayed for someone like you ♪
♪ And I thank God that I ♪
♪ That I finally found you. ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH